### Persistence Finance

Decentralized yield maximization protocol.

The protocol provides incentives for adversarial actors to coordinate efforts that benefit the yield farming ecosystem.

In the current DeFi landscape their are many bad actors who will promote strategies with the sole purpose of rugging the TVL provided by investors. As the EVM becomes cheaper and more scaleable financial applications will become more complex, increasing the odds of fraud and hacks. 

With persistence.finance investors can leverage a trustless signalling market which verifies claimed APY. The securirty scores of different DeFi strategies can be crowd sourced. Allowing true DeFi builders to establish a reputation in the space that can not easily be rugged.

## Actors

Indexers - ie Fund Managers execute infrastructure necesarry to secure, manage, and grow the capital stack

Curators - ie Search for deals create deal flow

Delegators - democratization of the protocol for passive investors

Developers - DeFi builders that focus on delivering the highest performing strategies

# Indexers

The fund managers of the persistence.finance ecosystem.
They take deal flow from curators and provide the infrastructure necessary to execute on the deal.

Key infrastructure provided

1. Smart contract in charge of the capital and the distribution waterfall
2. Databases and queries to support the execution of the strategy
3. Account Abstracted address leveraging multisig
4. Provides ZKProofs to verify ROI, 
   (here is where we can really provide utility to the ETH ecosystem)
   (how can we cryptographically prove an ROI without divulging the public address of the fund)

# Curators

1. Curators are incentivized to find and remove scam contracts and grifters
2. Curation shares are minted based on a bonding curve similar to the Graph

# Delegators

1. Analyzes indexer returns and fundamentals and provides liquidity to their preffered Indexer

# Developers

All of the innovators in the yield farming space (lyra, alpha homora, scion finance) 
only need to build the strategy. They no longer need to deal with security of the TVL
and do not have access to the TVL under the strategy developed therefore are unable to rug.

1. Create different yield farming practices (Delta Neutral, Leveraged, Options, etc)
2. Incentivized by indexers to create more optimal strategies


## How it works

persistence.finance builds an interface that all indexers must implement

```sol

contract MyIndexer implements PersistenceIndexer {

  // Called based on a schedule to rebalance and fund strategy (replay loans, reinvest fees)
  
  rebalance () {}

  // Checks if the user can deposit
  canDeposit () {}
  
  // This is called when a delegator invests into the fund
  
  deposit () {}

  // Checks if the user can withdraw
  canWithdraw () {}

  // This is called when a delegator withdraws from the fund
  
  withdraw () {}
}

```

New strategies need to go through a curation market meaning that Indexers can not role previously locked funds into newer and unvetted risky strategies. This led to the collapse of funds such as 3AC.

## Team

Ryan P. Hansen - Founder

Working in blockchain since 2018 and researching DeFi since 2019.
Built multiple products that index and leverage blockchain data, previously Moralis and XYO Network.

<!-- Encouraging scalability is important since it allows a wide breadth of applications to be developed

This is both good as it will allow markets to become more efficient but at the same time can be difficult for passive investors.  -->